00000000000000000000
Nowadays, there is an increased death of Chinese people that an unknown cause.
According to the news report around the world, cause of death in China because of Corona Virus Disease (COVID-19). That disease can infecting others through secretions.
wear mask and increase the distance between people
close the country 
2 weeks later, now mask 
speed up manufacture mask and bought mask from the factory and forwarded to  pharmacy store directly
don't manufacture more mask
educate our people to use the cloth instead of original mask 
the number of Covid-19 infections at this time still increasing
close the country
announce phase III
establishing the Centre for Covid-19 Administration.
choose to lockdown, it can refer to anything from mandatory geographic quarantines to non-mandatory recommendations to stay at home, closures of certain types of businesses, or bans on events and gatherings 
invent the vaccine
don't invent the vaccine
invent more technology to help detect infected people (1) 
invent more technology to help detect infected people (2)
invent more technology to help detect infected people (3)
distribute the test kits to people who are at higher risk. Then sold at a price that can access to the general people.
establish a drive-thru test center all over the country.
the number of Covid-19 infections at this time still increasing
send foreign patients treatment elsewhere.
accept foreign patients. 
we ask for help from international countries.
Because we choose send foreign patients for treatment elsewhere. Resulting in various countries refusing to help us.
a loan with the World Bank.
Doctors don't agree with that because it make more risk for them. 
ignore
Some doctors have been resigned. resulting many patients lacking treatment.
Bad End
Getting life insurance and increasing doctors' salaries
manufacture more examination couch
we ask for help from international countries.
a loan with the World Bank.
preparing temporary hospitals
Research team can successfully invent a vaccine.
Good End
Research team are still unable to invent vaccine.
Research team can successfully invent a vaccine.
Good End
receive vaccine from international country
despite how much the medical team treating the patients, the number of patients from this disease still doesn't wipe out.
Many people are currently protesting on social media that the government doesn't provide information to the public.
ignore
your minister were taken by the World Health Organization (WHO)
Bad End
relief money
distributed to every citizens
distributed to citizens that 
Many people are currently protesting on social media that the government doesn't fair.
ignore
ask help from private company 
relief package
At the moment, our country is in an economic crisis. Because we closed the country at the beginning.
